Add credentials config that supports custom keys (#694)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/guides/generate_resources.md

The `generate` command can connect to a database and automatically generate resource YAML file based on the database schema.

> ### Providing Credentials

Author: done!

Database credentials are provided as part of the connection string supplied. The connection string can be supplied as a command option or the fides config. 

#### Command Options

> A connection string can be suppplied using the `connection-string` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A connection string can be supplied using the `connection-string` option:
```

```sh
...
--connection-string <my_connection_string>
...
```

#### Fides Config
A connection string can also be defined within your fides config under the credentials section.

```sh
[credentials]
my_database_credentials = {connection_string="<my_connection_string>"}
```

Your command can then reference the key defined in your config. 
```sh
...
--credentials-id "my_database_credentials"
...
```

> It is possible to use an environment varialble to set credentials config values if persisting your connection string to a file is problematic. To set a connection string you can set the environment variable with a prefix of `FIDESCTL__CREDENTIALS__` and `__` as the nested key delimiter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to use an environment variable to set credentials config values if persisting your connection string to a file is problematic. To set a connection string you can set the environment variable with a prefix of `FIDESCTL__CREDENTIALS__` and `__` as the nested key delimiter:
```

### Providing Credentials

AWS credentials can be provided through command options, environment variables or the fides config. 

#### Command Options
Credentials can be directly supplied in your command using the `access_key_id`, `secret_access_key`, and `region` options. 
```sh
...
--access_key_id "<my_access_key_id>"
--secret_access_key "<my_secret_access_key>"
--region "us-east-1"
...
```

#### Environment Variables

> Credentials environment variable configuration defined by [boto3](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html). 
> 
> The simplest way to authenticate through environment variables is to set access key and access key id:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest way to authenticate through environment variables is to set an `SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `ACCESS_KEY_ID`, as defined by [boto3](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html#using-environment-variables):
```

```sh
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<my_access_key_id>"
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<my_access_key>"
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION="us-east-1"
```

It is also possible to reference a profile:
```sh
export AWS_PROFILE="my_profile_1"
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION="us-east-1"
```

#### Fides Config

> Credentials can be defined within your fides config under the credentials section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Credentials can be defined within your [fides config](../installation/configuration.md) under the credentials section.
```

```sh
[credentials]
my_aws_credentials = {aws_access_key_id="<my_aws_access_key_id>", aws_secret_access_key="<my_aws_secret_access_key>", region_name="us-east-1"}
```

Your command can then reference the key defined in your config. 
```sh
...
--credentials-id "my_aws_credentials"
...
```

> It is possible to use an environment varialble to set credentials config values if persisting your keys to a config file is problematic. To set a secret access key and id you can set the environment variable with a prefix of `FIDESCTL__CREDENTIALS__` and `__` as the nested key delimiter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to use an environment variable to set credentials config values if persisting your keys to a config file is problematic. To set a secret access key and id, you can set the environment variable with a prefix of `FIDESCTL__CREDENTIALS__` and `__` as the nested key delimiter:
```

### Providing Credentials

Okta credentials can be provided through command options, environment variables or the fides config. 

#### Command Options
Credentials can be directly supplied in your command using the `org-url` and `token` options. 
```sh
...
--token "<my_okta_client_token>"
--org-url "<my_okta_org_url>"
...
```

#### Environment Variables

> Credentials environment variable configuration defined by the Okta Python [SDK](https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-python#environment-variables). 
> 
> The simplest way to authenticate is by using a client token:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest way to authenticate is by using a client token, defined by the [Okta Python SDK](https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-python#environment-variables):
```

export OKTA_CLIENT_PRIVATEKEY="<my_private_jwk>"
```

#### Fides Config

> Credentials can be defined within your fides config under the credentials section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Credentials can be defined within your [fides config](../installation/configuration.md) under the credentials section.
```

```sh
[credentials]
my_okta_credentials = {orgUrl="<my_okta_org_url>" token="<my_okta_client_token>"}
```

Your command can then reference the key defined in your config. 
```sh
...
--credentials-id "my_okta_credentials"
...
```

> It is possible to use an environment varialble to set credentials config values if persisting your token to a file is problematic. To set a token you can set the environment variable with a prefix of `FIDESCTL__CREDENTIALS__` and `__` as the nested key delimiter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to use an environment variable to set credentials config values if persisting your token to a file is problematic. To set a token, you can set the environment variable with a prefix of `FIDESCTL__CREDENTIALS__` and `__` as the nested key delimiter:
```
